Drive-by mention unsafe fn closure coercion (#802)
rust-lang/reference: src/types/closure.md

> not how it captures them.

*Non-capturing closures* are closures that don't capture anything from their

> environment. They can be coerced to function pointers (`fn` or `unsafe fn`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment. They can be coerced to function pointers (e.g., `fn()`)
```
